If you went ahead and used the code that we made on the last section on The Last Lecture on the AD user
right here if you went ahead and tested this because it was complete already we didn't need to do anything
else.
What we needed to do is actually test it.
So if we went ahead and did it you realize that it is working.
So just to prove to you that it is working I can I'm going to go to users and you can see that I add
any user what we're going to add right now.
So that way you can see for yourself.
So we're going to say William is the first name.
Williams Let's just say I don't know.
I don't even remember last names.
Peterson I guess Peter's son and this just said This guy's a subscriber and they just say his name is
Peter B or something.
I just went blank there.
I don't know about you but too much information overload can get you a blank.
So let's do this and let's just say Peter.
One two three and a user.
We go to View now view polls view users we can see that we have we have a new user here.
He's a subscriber.
And that said we can go to the database also and look at that.
All right.
So we are able to to add different users here.
Perfect.
All right so the next thing would be to come here and to to go to View oppose action and not view polls
of your users and work with this delete.
All right so we're going to do that in the next lecture we're going to just leave this one the way it
is and if you want to go ahead and start doing that.
Go ahead and do it and try it.
It's basically the same thing with a pulse.
All right so.
Or comments.
So if you want to go ahead like I say and try to do that well yourself and if it doesn't work no worries
just do everything and then follow me.
So that's lecture by by